So here at the reserve center, sometimes our work can be boring and it
could be monotonous. We are at a reserve center, and a lot of the things
that we do is repetition. Uh, taking care of our reservists taking
care of our sailors taking care of ourselves. We do on a everyday
basis. And it could be very boring on monotonous. Some of the things
that we do, uh, here at the mosque or the reserve center when we
are in a boring situation or a monotonous situation, Um, I will get
on the loudspeaker and I'll say, Hey, everybody is time for a huddle
and we meet on the quarter deck at the Reserve Center and we talk
about what? What are some of the boring things that we're doing right
now? What are some of the monotonous things that we're doing? And
we have a conversation, and then we plan to get the work done at a in
a timely manner, and that will help take some of the boring and the
monotony out of it. Um, it sounds funny or may even sound weird, but
it works. We don't do it often, but some days when we're at that
point where we're over the top with this monotonous work, we meet in
a huddle and have a conversation, and then after we're done talking
about it, we go back to our spaces and the work is done, uh, in an
efficient manner, and they're more motivated to get it done because
we had, like, this little football huddle.